## Page 1
 
Domestic Airport Lounge Access Program for Regalia Gold Credit Cards  
Lounges applicable for Regalia Gold Credit Cards: CLICK HERE for list of lounges within India 
To check your domestic lounge benefit entitlement details, visit LMS.HOI.IN website 
1. Validate Mobile number with OTP 
2. Click on ‘Add card’ 
3. Enter your credit card details and add card. 
 
Lounge Usage Terms and Conditions- 
• To use the Participating Airport Lounge, customer's Regalia Gold card must be validated at point of entry by 
swiping a transaction of a nominal charge. Rs.2 will be charged to the card account as a transaction for validation and 
same will be reversed. 
• If customer wants to void the lounge visit and decides not to have lounge access, same needs to be explicitly 
requested to the lounge staff. Rs. 2 reversal on card itself does not mean that lounge access has been voided. 
• If customer is not eligible for lounge access basis spends or has exceeded the eligible quota of domestic 
airport lounge accesses as per the product feature the transaction will get declined and the same will be informed 
the customer by the lounge personnel.  
• The offer is not transferable, non-negotiable and cannot be encashed  
• All usage of the Participating Airport Lounges under the Program is conditional upon presentation of a valid 
eligible Card, and the Bank, in its sole and absolute discretion, may alter, cancel, or amend eligibility of any credit 
card, or card feature/benefits, at any time without prior notice.  
• Please note that additional charge may occur for meal/food/drink items (especially Alcoholic Drinks) as well 
as for services like Nap, Massage Service and Spa as per the discretion of the Participating Airport Lounge.  
• Participating Airport Lounges may reserve the right to enforce a maximum stay policy (usually 2 - 3 hours) to 
prevent overcrowding. This is at the discretion of the individual Lounge operator who may impose a charge for 
extended stays.  
• HDFC Bank shall not be liable under any circumstances for the services provided at and by the Participating 
Lounges.   
• HDFC Bank will not be able to provide the details regarding past lounge accesses availed by the customer. 
 
New Terms & Conditions for credit card lounge program: 
Spend condition for unlocking 3 lounge accesses per quarter; W.e.f - 01-07-2026 
• Customer needs to achieve spends of 60,000 in current calendar quarter to avail lounge 
access on credit card in next calendar quarter.  
o Example – if customer has spent 60000 or more in Apr -May-Jun’2026 calendar quarter, 3 
lounge access can be availed in Jul -Aug-Sep’2026 calendar quarter at listed lounges within 
India. 
• Eligible spends on credit card include all retail debit transactions. EMI transactions are not 
included in the Lounge Quarterly Milestone spends. Transaction settlement date will only 
be considered for the milestone spends inclusion. 
• There will be no Lounge Vouchers issue to customers.  Eligible customers need to swipe 
their Regalia Gold credit card at listed lounge for access 
• Customers with card opened date from 1 st to month -end of last month of calendar quarter may be 
exempted from the spend condition for upcoming quarter and can avail 3  lounge accesses for next 
quarter unconditionally. Further quarters will be subject to spend condition as per feature.  
o Example - Customer's card opened on 5 th June 2026, card will be exempted from spend 
condition of AMJ'26. Customer can avail up to 3 domestic  lounge accesses in July -August-
September 2026 quarter without meeting threshold spends. 
Going forward, for rest all quarters, the spend condition will be applicable.  