## Page 1
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
Last updated on May 18, 2026 
 
Terms & Conditions for Debit Cards 
 
These Terms and Conditions (‘Terms’) apply to and regulate the issuance and usage of Debit 
Cards offered by ICICI Bank Ltd. to the Account holder and / or any person as may be specified 
by the Account holder.  
 
The Debit Card is a service provided along with a Savings Account / Current Account maintained 
with ICICI Bank. Consequently, these Terms are in addition to and not in derogation of the 
Savings Account / Current Account  Terms and Conditions and these Terms are to be read 
together with the Account Terms and Conditions. 
 
Further, in case of an inconsistency between the se Terms and any specific Term and Condition 
pertaining to an Account, the specific Term and Condition of that particular Account shall 
prevail. All ‘Annexure(s)’ to the Terms shall form an integral part of the Terms.  
 
I. DEFINITIONS  
In these Terms and Conditions, unless there is anything repugnant to the subject or context 
thereof, the following words / expressions shall have the meaning as stated herein under: 
i. ‘Account’ refers to the Savings Account and / or Current Account designated by ICICI 
Bank to be the eligible Account(s) for operations through use of the Card 
ii. ‘Account Statement’ means the periodical Statement of Accounts sent by ICICI Bank 
from time to time, with details of  the transactions carried out and balance in the 
Account as on that date , and any other information as ICICI Bank may deem fit to 
include 
iii. ‘Account holder’ refers to Individuals (including minors), Proprietorships, Partnership 
Firms, Societies, Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) or any company or any other eligible 
person holding an Account with ICICI Bank 
iv. ‘Affiliate’ means and includes any company which is the holding or subsidiary company 
of ICICI Bank , or a person under the control of or under common control with ICICI 
Bank, or any person in whom ICICI Bank has a direct or beneficial interest or control of 
more than 26% of the voting securities 
v. For this clause, ‘control’ together with grammatical variations, when used with respect 
to any person, means the power to direct the management and policies of such person, 
directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of the vote carrying securities, by 
contract or otherwise howsoever. ‘Person’ means a Company, Corporation, Partnership, 
Trust or any other entity, organisation or any other body 
vi. ‘ATM’ means any Automated Teller Machine, whether in India or overseas, whether of 
ICICI Bank or a specified Shared Network , at which, amongst other things, the holder 
can use the Card to access the funds or other services in the Account, held with ICICI 
Bank.  
vii. ‘Cardholder’ refers to the ICICI Bank Account holder or any such person authorised by 
the Account holder to whom a Card has been issued and who is authorised to hold the 
Card 
viii. ‘Cash Amount’  refers to the amount of cash withdrawn by the Cardholder , in 
accordance with the Terms of the service. 
ix. ‘Cash Transaction’ refers to the transactions made by the Cardholder for withdrawal of 
cash from a POS (Point of Sale) terminal through the usage of the Card by the 
Cardholder, in accordance with the Terms of the service 

## Page 2
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
x. ‘Cash Withdrawal Limit’  refers to the maximum limit of cash that can be withdrawn 
from a POS Terminal through the usage of the Card by the Cardholder in a day , in 
accordance with the Terms of the service 
xi. ‘Card’ refers to the ICICI Bank Debit Card issued for the Account by ICICI Bank to the 
Account holder in India and / or any other person as specified by the Account holder to 
ICICI Bank from time to time. The ‘Card’ shall also include ‘Enquiry Card’ issued to the 
authorised signatories of the Account who may have applied for Cards for Corporate 
Care Services specifically. 
xii. ‘Charge Slip’  refers to the physical record confirming the Transaction made by the 
Cardholder, which is generated by the POS Terminal 
xiii. ‘Fee’ refers to the charges levied on the issuance and usage of the Card provided by 
ICICI Bank to the Cardholder 
xiv. ‘High Risk Countries (HRC)’ means those countries where the risk of data pertaining to 
the Card getting compromised post any transaction being carried out in such countries 
is high and are categorised as high risk countries by ICICI Bank based on the Cards 
being used in such countries by the Cardholder and various disputes and / or frauds that 
are reported by the Cardholders from time-to-time 
xv. ‘ICICI Bank’ or ‘the Bank’ shall mean ICICI Bank Limited, a company incorporated 
under the Companies Act, 1956 and a Bank within the meaning of the Banking 
Regulation Act, 1949, having its registered office at ICICI Bank Tower, Near Chakli Circle, 
Old Padra Road, Vadodara 390007, India, and its Corporate Office at ICICI Bank Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400051 
xvi. ‘ICICI Bank Customer Care Centre’ refers to ICICI Bank Phone Banking Service, which 
shall be available to all Cardholders. All Cardholders availing ICICI Bank Customer Care 
service shall be bound by the Terms and Conditions stipulated by ICICI Bank in this 
regard 
xvii. ‘ICICI Bank Rewards Programme’ shall mean the Reward Scheme of ICICI Bank 
xviii. ‘ICICI Bank Reward Points ’ shall be the reward points awarded under ICICI Bank 
Rewards Programme 
xix. ‘International Transactions’ refer to the Transactions carried out by the Cardholder on 
his / her internationally valid Card outside of India, Nepal and Bhutan 
xx. ‘Internet Website’  shall mean websites of the Merchant Establishments wherever 
located, that honour the Card for payments to be made by the Cardholder for the goods 
and services purchased through these websites or otherwise and shall include among 
others, the websites of stores, shops, restaurants, hotels, utility companies, railways 
and airline organisations advertised as honouring the Card 
xxi. ‘Merchant Establishment’ shall mean such physical and / or virtual establishments, 
wherever located, which honour the Card and shall include among others, stores, 
shops, restaurants, hotels, airlines, ATMs and mail order advertisers (whether retailers, 
distributors or manufacturers) 
xxii. ‘Merchant’ means any person who owns / manages / operates a Merchant 
Establishment 
xxiii. ‘One-Time Password’ or ‘OTP’ shall mean a unique numeric code that is automatically 
generated and securely transmitted to the registered communication device of the 
Cardholder, for the sole purpose of authenticating and authorising a specific electronic 
transaction or service request. The OTP is valid for a single use and a limited, 
predetermined period 
xxiv. ‘PIN’ means the Personal Identification Number allocated to the Cardholder by ICICI 
Bank or chosen by the Cardholder / Bank from time to time, in relation to the Card 
xxv. ‘POS Terminal’  means the Point of Sale (POS) electronic terminals at Merchant 
Establishments whether in India or overseas, capable of processing Card transactions 

## Page 3
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
and at which, amongst other things, the Cardholder can use the Card to access the 
funds from the Account linked to the Card, to make purchases 
xxvi. ‘Primary Account’ shall mean such Account that is linked to the Card 
xxvii. ‘Purchase Transaction’ refers to the transactions carried out by the Cardholder for 
purchases at a Merchant Establishment and paying for such purchase s by using his / 
her Card at a POS Terminal 
xxviii. ‘Reward Points’  shall mean points awarded by ICICI Bank under their Rewards 
Programme 
xxix. ‘Rewards Programme’ refers to the programme, where the Cardholder may get Reward 
Points basis his / her spends, using the Card at the Merchant Establishments 
xxx. ‘Security Information’ shall mean the PIN, OTP , CVV , any User ID, Password, Card Grid 
Value, which the Cardholder uses to access any online services or approve any 
transaction and / or any other security features or information issued to or used by the 
Cardholder in connection with a Card or the Account 
xxxi. ‘Shared Network’  shall mean VISA, RuPay or MasterCard or any other networks that 
honour the Card 
xxxii. ‘Tariff Annexure’ means an annexure detailing the charges applicable for the services 
offered on the Card. These charges are subject to changes at the sole discretion of ICICI 
Bank. However, such changes in charges may be made only with prospective effect, 
giving a prior notice of 1 month to the Cardholder 
xxxiii. ‘Valid Charge’ means a charge incurred by the Cardholder for purchases of goods or 
services on the Card and any other charge as may be included by ICICI Bank from time 
to time, for the purpose of this Rewards Programme.  
 
II. Interpretation  
a) All references to singular include plural and vice versa and the word ‘includes’ should be 
construed as ‘without limitation’  
b) Words referring to any gender include all other genders 
c) Reference to any statute, ordinance or other law includes all regulations and other 
instruments and all consolidations, amendments, re -enactments or replacements for the time 
being in force 
d) All headings, bold typing and italics (if any) have been inserted for convenience of reference 
only and do not define limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of the Terms  
e) References to Visa / Mastercard / RuPay regulations pertain to the guidelines issued by Visa / 
Mastercard / NPCI (National Payments Corporation of India) to all the member banks of its 
network 
f) The rules of interpretation as set out in the General Clauses Act, unless unacceptable to the 
subject or context, will apply to the Terms as incorporated herein.  
 
 
III. Applicability of Terms: The Terms form the contract between the Cardholder and ICICI 
Bank. The Cardholder shall be deemed to have unconditionally agreed to and accepted 
the Terms by signing the Card application form digitally or physically or by 
acknowledging receipt of the Card in writing or by carrying out a transaction with the 
Card or by requesting POS activation on the Card or activation through ATM or by 
requesting activation through ICICI Bank Customer Care Centre or after 10 days have 
lapsed since the Card was dispatched to the address mentioned in Bank records. 
 
The Terms will be in addition to and not in derogation of the Terms and Conditions 
relating to the Account of the Cardholder. The Cardholders availing of any services 
including but not limited to enquiry on transactions, Statement details through ICICI 

## Page 4
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
Bank Customer Care Centre, ICICI Bank Net Banking and / or any other modes, shall 
always continue to be bound by the Terms and Conditions stipulated by ICICI Bank from 
time to time for such services.  
  
 
IV. Benefits of Card: The Cardholder can access cash at the ATM / at any ICICI Bank 
Branch, make payments at Merchant Establishments, ascertain information about the 
Account balance through the use of the Card at ATMs / ICICI Bank  Customer Care / 
Retail Net Banking / Corporate Net Banking / by using Corporate Care Services or 
otherwise, place request for renewal of the Fixed Deposit held with ICICI Bank, or any 
such services as specified by ICICI Bank from time to time. The Cardholders availing any 
such services using the Card shall be bound by the Terms and Conditions stipulated by 
ICICI Bank and as amended from time to time, with respect to such services. The Card is 
valid for use at ATMs and Merchant Establishments in India and abroad. However, the 
Card is not valid for payments in foreign exchange at Merchant Establishments in India, 
Nepal and Bhutan. The Card is valid up to the last day of the month indicated on the 
Card. Once the transaction has been initiated, the Account linked with the Card shall be 
instantly debited by ICICI Bank.  
  
Personal Identification Number: To enable the usage of the Card, the Account 
holder must generate a Personal Identification Number (PIN) for the Debit Card 
using Net Banking, iMobile app, ICICI Bank ATM or by calling on 1800 1080. Once the 
PIN is generated, Cardholder can use his / her Card to withdraw cash from ATMs or 
for online / merchant -based transactions. The  Cardholder acknowledges, 
represents and warrants that the PIN issued  provides access to the Account and 
that the Cardholder accepts the sole responsibility for use, confidentiality and 
protection of the PIN and for all orders and information changes entered in the 
Account using such PIN. The Cardholder shall not record the PIN in any form such 
that it can be misused by any third party. The Cardholder grants express authority to 
ICICI Bank for carrying out transactions and instructions authenticated by the PIN 
and shall not revoke the same. ICICI Bank has no obligation to verify the authenticity 
of the transaction instruction sent or supposed to have been sent from the 
Cardholder, other than by means of verification of the Cardholder's PIN. The 
Cardholder shall always take all appropriate steps as mentioned in the Terms to 
maintain the secrecy and security of the PIN / OTP . If the Cardholder fails to take 
appropriate steps to maintain security of the PIN / OTP and if any details are 
compromised, the Cardholder shall be responsible and liable for any such losses 
arising out of it.  
 
Subject to the provisions stated herein and as specified by ICICI Bank from time to 
time, the Cardholder will not hold ICICI Bank liable in case of any improper / 
fraudulent / unauthorised / duplicate / erroneous use of the Card and / or the PIN / 
OTP . ICICI Bank will also not be liable for any consequences related to the use / 
misuse of the Card by any third party in case the Card falls into the hands of any 
third party or if the PIN is known by any third party. If any third -party gains access to 
the services, including the Account, the Cardholder will be responsible and shall 
indemnify ICICI Bank against any liability, costs or damages arising out of such 
misuse / use by third parties based upon or relating to such access and use or 
otherwise.  
 
 

## Page 5
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
V. Card Usage Guidelines 
i. The Cardholder shall always ensure that the Card is kept in a safe place and shall under 
no circumstances whatsoever, allow the Card to be used by any other individual 
ii. The Cardholder is the only person authorised to use the Card / Account. The Cardholder 
must use the Card during the validity period as specified on the Card 
iii. The Cardholder will be responsible for all facilities, with respect to the Card granted by 
ICICI Bank and for all related charges and shall act in good faith with respect to all 
dealings with the Card and ICICI Bank 
iv. ICICI Bank reserves the right to change the types of transactions and limit supported by 
the Card. The Bank will notify the Cardholder of any subsequent changes by giving 
notice or hosting on website or through statement 
v. The Cardholder shall notify ICICI Bank immediately of any error or irregularity in 
maintaining the Account / Card by ICICI Bank at the ICICI Bank Customer Care or by way 
of written communication to ICICI Bank or such other mode as may be acceptable to 
ICICI Bank  
vi. International Debit Cards can be used only for permissible Account transactions under 
the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), 1999 (and / or any other applicable laws) 
and the item -wise limits as mentioned in the Schedules to the Government of India 
Notification No. G.S.R. 381(E) dated May 3, 2000, as amended from time to time, are 
equally applicable to payments made through use of these Cards. International Debit 
Cards can be used on the internet for any purpose for which exchange can be 
purchased from an authorised dealer in India 
vii. International Debit Cards cannot be used on the internet for purchase of prohibited 
items like lottery tickets, banned or prescribed magazines, participation in sweepstakes 
and payment for callback services, remittance in any form towards overseas forex 
trading, margin calls to overseas exchanges / overseas counterparties, trading in foreign 
exchange in domestic / overseas markets etc. or any illegal activities . No withdrawal of 
foreign exchange is permitted for such items / activities. The Cardholder is under an 
obligation not to countermand an order / transaction which Cardholder has conducted 
with the Card 
viii. The Card and Account must not be used to obtain goods, tickets or services for resale 
during business or return for cash 
ix. When using the Card at Merchant Establishments, the Merchant may ask the Account 
holder to enter their PIN into the POS machine to authorise the transaction. 
 
VI. Lost or Stolen Cards 
i. If a Card is lost or stolen, the Cardholder must report the loss to ICICI Bank immediately. 
The notification of loss of Card shall be made through any of the reporting modes of 
ICICI Bank including but not limited to Customer Care,  iMobile app or Net Banking. The 
Cardholder may also use ICICI Bank iMobile app to block the Card to prevent its 
unauthorised use. Also, the Cardholder must file a report with the local police and send 
a copy of the same to ICICI Bank  
ii. ICICI Bank upon adequate verification will temporarily suspend / block / hotlist the Card 
and will subsequently cancel the Card during working hours following the receipt of 
such intimation  
iii. If the Cardholder loses his  / her  Card overseas, he / she may either follow the above 
procedure or report the loss through the Visa / Mastercard Global Emergency 
Assistance helplines. The charges for the usage of such services shall be borne by the 
Cardholder  
iv. The Cardholder is responsible for the security of the Card and shall take all steps 
towards ensuring its safekeeping. Subject to Clause 10 (X) of the Terms, the Cardholder 

## Page 6
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
will be liable for all charges incurred on the Card until the Card is reported as lost by the 
Cardholder, to ICICI Bank. Further, if ICICI Bank determines that the above -mentioned 
steps are not complied with, financial liability on the lost or stolen Card would rest with 
the Cardholder  
v. The Cardholder shall take cognisance of the fact that once a Card is reported lost, 
stolen or damaged and is subsequently found, the same shall be promptly cut in half, 
returned to ICICI Bank and adequate care will be taken to prevent its misuse  
vi. ICICI Bank constantly monitors the risk of using the Card in High -Risk Countries. ICICI 
Bank will attempt to call the Cardholders to inform them about the probable fraud risk 
that could arise from such Card usage in High -Risk Countries and shall seek consent 
from the Cardholder to block the Card from further usage. If the Cardholder chooses not 
to block the Card after being informed by ICICI Bank of probable fraud risk or is not 
contactable, ICICI Bank shall not stand liable or responsible in any manner for any 
fraudulent transactions reported to it thereafter on account of fraudulent usage of the 
Card or otherwise.  
 
VII. Unauthorised Transactions 
i. The Cardholder acknowledges that it is their responsibility to ensure that their current 
mobile number and e -mail ID are registered with ICICI Bank to receive SMS  and e-
mail communication alerts regarding transactions. The Cardholder shall promptly 
review all transaction alert s through  SMS, e -mail, and any other communication 
alerts from ICICI Bank relating to their Debit Card or linked Account for prompt 
detection of any unauthorised transactions 
ii. In the event of the Cardholder becoming aware of any erroneous  or suspicious 
transactions (‘Unauthorised Transactions’), the Cardholder shall notify ICICI Bank 
immediately and without any delay  
iii. The Cardholder acknowledges that failure to notify ICICI Bank at the earliest, and in any 
event within the timeline prescribed under the RBI regulations, may increase their 
liability in accordance with the applicable laws and Bank policies 
iv. The Cardholder undertakes to provide all required information and supporting 
documents to the Bank, including, if necessary, a copy of the police report or First 
Information Report or remedial report and to cooperate with the investigation. 
 
VIII. Surrender / Replacement of Card: The Card issued to the Cardholder shall remain the 
property of ICICI Bank and will be surrendered to ICICI Bank upon request. The 
Cardholder shall return the Card to ICICI Bank for cancellation, if the Cardholder no 
longer requires the services or if the services are withdrawn by ICICI Bank for any reason 
whatsoever. At the request of the Cardholder, ICICI Bank may issue a replacement Card 
for any loss / stolen Card.  
  
IX. Termination: The Cardholder may discontinue / terminate the Card anytime with a 
written notice to ICICI Bank accompanied by the Card cut into two pieces diagonally. 
The Cardholder shall be liable for all charges incurred, until receipt of the written notice 
duly acknowledged by ICICI Bank. ICICI Bank may at any time, with or without notice, 
based on circumstances at ICICI Bank's absolute discretion, terminate the Card.  
 
X. Liability, in case of Unauthorised Transactions  
i. The Cardholder must exercise utmost care to prevent the loss, theft or misuse of the 
Card and associated Security Information and shall not disclose such Security 
Information to any third party. The Cardholder must treat with caution any 

## Page 7
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
information related to the Card or Account and ensure all such information remains 
confidential and secure 
ii. In case of loss, theft or unauthorised transactions involving the Card, the 
Cardholder shall immediately notify ICICI Bank by contacting Customer Care or any 
other acceptable mode as prescribed by ICICI Bank 
iii. Subject to the provisions below, the Cardholder shall not be liable for any financial 
loss resulting from unauthorised transactions (excluding ATM cash withdrawals and 
online Debit Card usage) provided that: 
a) The Cardholder notifies ICICI Bank in writing immediately of such 
unauthorised transaction; and  
b) In the opinion of ICICI Bank, the Cardholder has not acted negligently, 
fraudulently or in collusion. 
iv. The benefit of limited liability will be extended to the Cardholder and the amount of 
the unauthorised transaction will be credited to the Cardholder’s Account, only if all 
the following conditions are satisfied: 
a) The Card has been reported lost or stolen as per ICICI Bank’s prescribed 
procedure and the Cardholder has submitted a copy of the relevant FIR 
to ICICI Bank 
b) The unauthorised transaction(s) occurred within 3 (three) days prior to 
the date of reporting such loss or theft to ICICI Bank 
c) The Cardholder has completed at least one purchase transaction using 
the Card in the three (3) months preceding the reporting date 
d) The Cardholder has registered a mobile number with ICICI Bank for 
Mobile Banking. 
v. ICICI Bank reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to deny the aforesaid benefit or 
to increase the Cardholder’s liability in cases where: 
a) The Bank determines, based on available evidence, that the Cardholder 
was grossly negligent or engaged in fraud or collusion in the handling or 
protection of Security Information or failed to promptly report the loss or 
unauthorised transaction(s) 
b) ICICI Bank considers it necessary to conduct further investigations into 
the unauthorised transaction(s) or merchant types involved 
c) The Cardholder’s prior account history with ICICI Bank is deemed 
unsatisfactory  
d) If the prior account history of the Cardholder is unsatisfactory, the 
responsibility of ICICI Bank for the non -execution or defective execution 
of an unauthorised transaction is limited to the principal sum and the 
loss of interest, subject to the provisions of the law governing the terms. 
Provided further that the total liability of ICICI Bank in this regard for any 
unauthorised transaction conducted on the Card shall be limited to 
₹1,00,000 (Rupees One Lakh) only and the same is subject to change, at 
the sole discretion of ICICI Bank, from time to time.  
 
XI. Multiple Accounts  
The Cardholder agrees that in case he / she has multiple accounts with ICICI Bank, ICICI Bank 
will decide the number of accounts, which will have the Card linked to them. In case of Cards 
linked to multiple accounts, fast cash transactions at ICICI Bank ATMs, all transactions carried 
out on Shared Network ATMs and POS Terminal transactions carried out with the Card will be 
affected only on the Primary Account. ICICI Bank will debit the Accounts linked to the Card for 
the value of all purchases of goods or services, cash, fees, charges and payments payable using 
the Card. All transactions will reflect in the Statement of the Account(s), linked to the Card.  

## Page 8
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
 
XII. Statements & Records  
The Cardholder can get a verbal or written history of his  / her transactions by calling ICICI Bank 
Customer Care. The Cardholder can also check the transaction records from the Account 
Statement available online on the ICICI Bank website and last 10 transactions through ICICI 
Bank ATMs. The Cardholder will inform ICICI Bank in writing within 15 days, if any irregularities 
or discrepancies exist in the transactions / particulars of the Account in any Account Statement 
that is made available to the Cardholder. If ICICI Bank does not receive any information to the 
contrary within 15 days, ICICI Bank may assume that the Account Statement and the 
transactions are correct. To ensure the Cardholder's interests, ICICI Bank may record on 
camera or on videotape at its own discretion, the access to and the presence of any person 
while using the Card facilities. All records maintained by ICICI Bank, in electronic or 
documentary form of the Cardholder’s instructions and such other details (including but not 
limited to payments made or received) pursuant to the Terms and all camera / video recordings 
made, as mentioned above, shall be deemed to be conclusive evidence of such instructions 
and such other details.  
 
XIII. ATM Usage 
The Card can be used at ATMs with the confidential PIN. All Transactions carried out with the 
use of the PIN will be the Cardholder's responsibility. The Cardholder agrees that he / she will be 
allowed to withdraw only a certain amount per transaction, per day, as determined by ICICI 
Bank, irrespective of the credit balance in the Account(s). This amount limit will be announced 
from time to time. Any attempt to violate this limit may lead to withdrawal of the Card. When the 
Cardholder completes a transaction through an ATM, he / she can choose to receive a printed 
transaction record, i.e., the transaction slip / ATM receipt. The available funds are displayed on 
this ATM receipt when the Cardholder uses the Card. The Cardholder is advised to retain the 
record of transactions generated by the ATM with him  / her . The Cardholder agrees not to 
attempt to withdraw using the Card unless sufficient funds are available in the Account. The 
onus of ensuring adequate Account balances is entirely on the Cardholder.  
 
XIV. Cash withdrawal limit through ATM for Debit Cards 
Notwithstanding the variant of Debit Card issued to the Cardholder, the monthly cash 
withdrawal limits through ATMs shall be determined solely by the Cardholder’s Account variant. 
This shall apply even in cases where the Debit Card is upgraded . The cash withdrawal limits 
may be lower depending on the Account variant linked to their Debit Card. 
 
XV. SMS Alerts for ATM Withdrawals 
ICICI Bank will send an SMS alert to the Cardholder’s registered mobile number when any ATM 
cash withdrawal has been done using the Card, whether the transaction is performed at an 
ICICI Bank ATM or any other ATM within the eligible network. The Cardholder is responsible for 
ensuring that their mobile number in Bank records is accurate and up to date  at all times. The 
SMS alert will contain relevant details of the withdrawal, including but not limited to the 
transaction amount, last four digits of the Card, date and time. ICICI Bank shall not be liable for 
any failure to send the SMS alert if the Cardholder’s mobile number is not properly registered or 
updated, or if the mobile network is unavailable or subject to technical faults beyond the 
control of the Bank. Receipt of such SMS alerts should not be solely relied upon as confirmation 
of transaction success or completion. The Cardholder must review all account statements and 
alerts and immediately notify ICICI Bank of any unauthorised transaction, discrepancy , or non-
receipt of SMS alert, according to the Bank’s reporting and li ability clauses. Sending of SMS 
alerts will be governed by applicable law, regulatory directives, Bank policy and may be 

## Page 9
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
amended, suspended, or discontinued by ICICI Bank at its sole discretion, with reasonable 
notice to the Cardholder. 
 
 
XVI. Merchant Location Usage  
The Card is acceptable at all Merchant Establishments in India and abroad, which display the 
logos of ICICI Bank / Visa / Mastercard / RuPay and / or such other agencies recognised by ICICI 
Bank and which have a POS terminal. The Card is for electronic use only, as in the case of the 
charge slip / sales slip printed electronically from the POS terminal. The Bank will not accept 
responsibility for any dealings which the Cardholder may have with the Merchant including but 
not limited to the supply of goods and services. If the Cardholder has any complaints 
concerning any Merchant Establishment, the Cardholder should resolve the matter with the 
Merchant Establishment and failure to do so will not relieve him / her from any obligations to 
ICICI Bank. However, the Cardholder should notify ICICI Bank of this complaint immediately. 
ICICI Bank accepts no responsibility for any surcharge levied by any Merchant Establishment 
and debited to the Account linked with the Card with the Transaction amount. Any charge or 
other payment requisition received from a Merchant Establishment by ICICI Bank for payment 
shall be conclusive proof that the charge recorded on such requisition was properly incurred at 
the Merchant Establishment for the amount and by the Cardholder using the Card referred to in 
that charge or other requisition, except where the Card has been lost, stolen or fraudulently 
misused, the burden of proof for which shall be on the Cardholder. If a Cardholder wishes to 
cancel a completed transaction due to an error or merchandise return, the Merchant must 
cancel the earlier sales slip and the Cardholder must retain a copy of the cancelled sales slip. In 
the event of reversal / refund of debits due to such Transactions charge slip / sales slip needs to 
be produced by the Cardholder, if called for.  
 
 
XVII. Rewards Programme 
Under the ICICI Bank Rewards Programme, ICICI Bank shall award Reward Points for valid 
spends incurred by the Cardholders on the Card. ICICI Bank may also, at its sole discretion, 
award additional ICICI Bank Reward Points to the Cardholder. ICICI Bank Reward Points, as 
earned by the Cardholder, shall be indicated in the account statement sent to the Cardholder 
from time to time. It is to be noted that ICICI Bank Rewards Programme shall not be applicable 
to partnership concerns or company(ies) holding an Account with ICICI Bank (i.e., if the account 
that the Cardholder holds is in the name of business, partnership or company, the Cardholder 
will not be eligible for participation and will not earn or redeem the Reward Points under the 
Rewards Programme). On redemption, ICICI Bank Reward Points so redeemed will 
automatically stand reduced from the accumulated Reward Points in the Card Account. 
Computation of ICICI Bank Reward Points shall be final, conclusive and binding on the 
Cardholder and will not be liable to any dispute or questioning.  
 
Any tax(es) or charges payable to the Government, any other authority or body or any 
participating establishment, which may arise or accrue to the Cardholder by redemption as 
mentioned above or otherwise because of the ICICI Bank Rewards Programme, shall be to the 
sole Account of the Cardholder. ICICI Bank expressly reserves the right, at any time and with 
prior notice to the Cardholders, to add to and / or alter, modify, change or vary all or in part, this 
ICICI Bank Rewards Programme or withdraw it altoge ther. Nothing contained in this Rewards 
Programme shall be construed as a binding obligation upon ICICI Bank or any participating 
establishment to continue the ICICI Bank Rewards Programme in the event of the termination of 
the ICICI Bank Rewards Programme or otherwise. The Rewards Programme is voluntary and it is 
understood that a Cardholder in the normal course of Card usage voluntarily incurs all charges. 

## Page 10
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
Disputes, if any, arising out of or in connection with , or because of the ICICI Bank Rewards 
Programme or otherwise shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts  / 
tribunals in Mumbai only. ICICI Bank reserves the right to nullify ICICI Bank Reward Points in 
case of ICICI Bank induced closure of the Account or the termination / cancellation of the Card.  
 
 
XVIII. Global Cardholder Assistance Services (Visa / Mastercard), Global Emergency 
Assistance Helplines,  
 
The Multi-Lingual Visa / Mastercard  
 
The Emergency Assistance Services Programme offers worldwide emergency referral 
assistance to Visa / Mastercard Cardholders when travelling overseas. These include a wide 
range of legal, medical and other services. The communications and arrangements of services 
of the Emergency Assistance Services Programme are provided by a third-party service provider 
and are paid for by Visa / Mastercard International and the Cardholder is responsible for the 
cost of all medical, legal or other services used. All costs are the Cardholder’s responsibility. 
 
Assistance is provided on a best effort basis and may not be available due to occasional issues 
such as distance, location, or time. The medical and / or legal professionals designated by Visa 
/ Mastercard International are not employees of Visa / Mastercard International and are 
therefore not responsible for the availability, use, acts, omissions or results of any medical, 
legal or transportation service. The Bank does not accept any responsibility for the arrangement 
or the use of such services.  
 
 
XIX. Exclusion From Liability 
In consideration of the Bank providing the Cardholder with the Card, the Cardholder hereby 
agrees to indemnify and keep ICICI Bank and / or its employees indemnified from and against all 
actions, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, costs, charges and expenses 
whatsoever, which ICICI Bank may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as a 
consequence of or by reason of or arising out of providing the Cardholder the said facility of the 
Card or by reason of ICICI Bank's acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take or omitting to 
take action on the Cardholder's instructions and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of 
the negligence, mistake or misconduct of the Cardholder; breach or non -compliance of the 
terms and conditions pertaining to the Account and  / or fraud or dishonesty relating to any 
Transaction by the Cardholder or his employee or agents. The Cardholder shall indemnify and 
hold harmless ICICI Bank from all consequences arising from the Cardholder not complying 
with the Exchange Control Regulations of the RBI, breach of the Foreign Exchange Management 
Act (FEMA) and the rules and regulations made there under and / or any other Act / Authority.  
 
The Cardholder shall also indemnify ICICI Bank fully against any loss on account of 
misplacement by the courier or loss -in-transit of the Card / PIN. Without prejudice to the 
foregoing, ICICI Bank shall be under no liability whatsoever to the Cardholder in respect of: 
i. any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of any defect in quality of 
goods or services supplied  
ii. refusal of any person to honour / accept a Card 
iii. malfunctioning of any computer terminal / system not within ICICI Bank’s 
control 
iv. effecting transaction instructions carried out by anyone other than the 
Cardholder 

## Page 11
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
v. handing over of the Card by the Cardholder to anybody other than the 
designated employees of ICICI Bank at ICICI Bank's premises.  
vi. The exercise by ICICI Bank of its right to demand and procure the surrender 
of the Card prior to the expiry date exposed on its face, whether such 
demand and surrender is made and / or procured by ICICI Bank.  
vii. The exercise by ICICI Bank of its right to terminate any Card.  
viii. Any injury to the credit, character and reputation of the Cardholder alleged 
to have been caused by the re -possession of the Card and / or, any request 
for its return or the refusal of any Merchant Establishment to honour or 
accept the Card.  
 
Any misstatement, misrepresentation, error or omission in any details disclosed by ICICI Bank 
except as otherwise required by law, if ICICI Bank receives any process, summons , order, 
injunction, execution distrait, levy lien, information or notice which ICICI Bank in good faith 
believes / calls into question the Cardholder's ability, or the ability of someone purporting to be 
authorised by the Cardholder, to transact on the Card, ICICI Bank may, at its option and without 
liability to the Cardholder or such other person, decline to allow the Cardholder to obtain any 
portion of his funds , or may pay such funds over to an appropriate authority and take any other 
steps required by applicable law.  
 
ICICI Bank reserves the right to deduct from the Cardholder's Account a reasonable service 
charge and any expenses it incurs, including without limitation reasonable legal fees, due to 
legal action involving the Cardholder's Card. Any statement made by any person requesting the 
return of the Card or any act performed by any person in conjunction; in the event a demand or 
claim for settlement of outstanding dues from the Cardholder is made, either by ICICI Bank or 
any person acting on behalf of ICICI Bank, the Cardholder agrees and acknowledges that such 
demand or claim shall not amount to be an act of defamation or an act prejudicial to or 
reflecting upon the character of the Cardholder, in any manner. The Cardholder agrees to 
indemnify ICICI Bank for any machine / mechanical error / failure. However, ICICI Bank shall be 
liable for all direct losses incurred by the Cardholder, caused due to a technical error / 
malfunction, which is directly within ICICI Bank's control. However, ICICI Bank shall not be 
liable for any loss caused due to a technical breakdown of the payment system if the same was 
recognisable by the Cardholder by a message on the display of the device or was otherwise 
known / communicated. The liability of ICICI Bank in cases of non -execution or defective 
execution of the Transaction shall be limited to the principal value of the Transaction and the 
interest thereof, if any, subject to ICICI Bank’s policies and applicable law(s).  
  
 
XX. Addition / Withdrawal of Facilities 
ICICI Bank may, at its discretion, make available to the Cardholder more services on the Card, 
ATMs, POS Terminals, Internet or otherwise and / or other devices through Shared Networks for 
the Cardholder's convenience and use. All fees and charges related to Transactions done by the 
Cardholder at these devices, as determined by ICICI Bank from time to time will be recovered by 
a debit to the Account linked with the Card. The Cardholder understands and agrees that the 
Shared Networks may provide different functionalities and service offerings and different 
charges for different services. ICICI Bank shall also, at its sole discretion, at any time, without 
notice to the Cardholder, be entitled to withdraw, discontinue, cancel, suspend / or terminate 
the facility to use the Card and / or services related to it, at ATMs / POS Terminal  / Internet / 
other devices within  / outside India and shall not be liable to the Cardholder for any loss or 
damage suffered by him resulting in any way from such suspension or termination.  
  

## Page 12
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
 
XXI. Disclosures 
The Cardholder hereby agrees that in case the Cardholder commits a default in payment or 
repayment of any amount due on the Card, ICICI Bank and / or the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) 
will have an unqualified right to disclose or publish the details of the default including the name 
of the Cardholder and / or its directors / partners / co- applicants, as applicable, as defaulters in 
such manner and through such media as ICICI Bank or RBI in their absolute discretion may 
think fit. The Cardholder hereby authorises ICICI Bank to exchange, share or part with all the 
information relating to the Cardholder's details and repayment history information and all 
information pertaining to and contained in the Terms or as expressed in the application made 
for the Card to its Affiliates / banks / financial institutions / credit bureaus / agencies / statutory 
bodies as may be required and undertakes not to hold ICICI Bank / its Affiliates / the other group 
companies of the ICICI Group and their agents liable for use of the aforesaid information.  
 
 
XXII. Fees & Charges 
The annual fees for the Card will be debited to the Primary Account linked with the Card on 
application / renewal at the Bank's prevailing rate. The fees are not refundable. Reward 
Redemption fee, as applicable, plus GST, will be charged. The Cardholder shall always maintain 
such minimum balance in the Account, as ICICI Bank may stipulate from time to time. ICICI 
Bank reserves the right at any time to charge the Cardholder for the issue or reissue of a Card 
and / or any fees / charges for the transactions carried out by the Cardholder on the Card. Any 
government charges, duty or debits , or tax payable because of the use of the Card shall be the 
Cardholder's responsibility and if imposed upon ICICI Bank (either directly or indirectly), ICICI 
Bank shall debit such charges, duty or tax against the Account. In addition, operators of Shared 
Networks may impose an additional charge for each use of their ATM / POS Terminal / other 
device, and any such charge along with other applicable fees / charges will be deducted from 
the Cardholder's Account. There will be separate service charges levied for such facilities as 
may be announced by the Bank from time to time and deducted from the Cardholder's Account. 
In the situation that the Account does not have sufficient funds to deduct such fees, the Bank 
reserves the right to deny any further Transactions.  
 
In case of Accounts classified as overdrawn Accounts, the Cardholder will have to rectify the 
Account balance position immediately. In every such situation where the Account gets 
overdrawn, a flat charge could be levied in addition to the interest to be charged on the debit 
balance in the Account. This charge will be determined by the Bank and will be announced from 
time to time. In the event of an Account being overdrawn due to Card Transactions, the Bank 
reserves the right to set off this amount against any credit lying from any of the Cardholder's 
other Accounts held jointly or singly, with intimation. Nothing in the Terms shall affect the 
Bank's right to set off, transfer and application of monies at law or pursuant to any other 
agreement from time to time subsisting between the Bank and Cardholder. The Cardholder also 
authorises ICICI Bank to deduct from his Account and indemnifies ICICI Bank against any 
expenses it may incur in collecting money owed to it by the Cardholder in connection with the 
Card. (including without limitation reasonable legal fees).  
 
ICICI Bank may, at its discretion, levy penal charges for non -maintenance of the minimum 
balance in the Cardholder’s linked Account. In addition to the minimum balance stipulation 
ICICI Bank may levy service and other charges for use of the Card, which will be notified to the 
Cardholder from time to time. In the case of transactions entered into by the Cardholder 
through his / her internationally valid Debit Card, the equivalent in the currency in which the 
Cardholder's Account is held, along with processin g charges, conversion charges, fees if any 

## Page 13
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
charged as per Visa  / Mastercard regulations, any other service charges for such transactions 
shall be debited to the Account linked with the Card held at ICICI Bank in India. The Cardholder 
authorises ICICI Bank to recover all charges related to the Card as determined by ICICI Bank 
from time to time by debiting the Account linked with the Card. Details of the applicable fees 
and charges as stipulated by ICICI Bank will be displayed on the website and / or at the 
branches. Please refer Annexure III for details on the tariff applicable as on date.  
 
XXIII. Disputes 
ICICI Bank accepts no responsibility for any refusal by a Merchant Establishment to 
accept and / or honour the Card. In case of a dispute pertaining to a transaction with a 
Merchant Establishment, the charge / sales slip shall be conclusive evidence between 
ICICI Bank and the Cardholder as to the extent of liability incurred by the Cardholder. 
ICICI Bank shall not be required to ensure that the Cardholder has duly received the 
goods purchased / to be purchased or services availed / to be availed or that they meet 
the Cardholder's satisfaction. In case the Cardholder has any dispute in respect of any 
charge indicated in the Account Statement, the Cardholder shall provide the details of 
such dispute to ICICI Bank within 15 days from the date of the Account Statement; 
failing which it will be construed that all charges are acceptable and in order. ICICI Bank 
may at its sole discretion accept disputes on charges older than 15 days. ICICI Bank 
shall make bona fide and reasonable efforts to resolve an aggrieved Cardholder's 
disagreement with any charge indicated in the Account Statement within two months of 
receiving the notice of disagreement. If after such efforts, ICICI Bank determines that 
the charge indicated is correct, it shall communicate the same to the Cardholder along 
with details, including a copy of the Sales Slip or payment requisition. Any dispute in 
respect of a Shared Network ATM Transaction will be resolved as per the Visa / 
Mastercard regulations. ICICI Bank does not accept responsibility for any dealings the 
Cardholder may have with Shared Networks. In the event the Cardholder has any 
complaints concerning a Shared Network ATM, the Cardholder should resolve the 
matter with the Shared Network provider and failure to do so will not relieve the 
Cardholder from any obligations to ICICI Bank. However, the Cardholder should notify 
ICICI Bank of the complaint immediately. 
 
XXIV. Quality of Goods and Services 
ICICI Bank shall not in any way be responsible for merchandise, merchandise warranty 
or services purchased or availed by the Cardholder from Merchant Establishments, 
including delayed delivery, non-delivery, non-receipt of goods or receipt of defective 
goods by the Cardholder. It must be distinctly understood that the Debit Card is purely a 
facility to the Cardholder to purchase goods and / or avail services, ICICI Bank holds no 
warranty or makes no representation about the quality, delivery or otherwise of the 
merchandise. Any dispute or claim regarding the merchandise must be resolved by the 
Cardholder with the Merchant Establishment. The existence of the claim or dispute 
shall not relieve the Cardholder of his / her obligation to pay all the charges due to ICICI 
Bank and the Cardholder agrees to pay promptly such charges. 
  
  
XXV. Compensation Policy 
The compensation policy in case of delayed credit reversal is available on ICICI Bank’s 
website under Customer Service Policies. Please visit https://www.icici.bank.in/customer-
service-policies to check the policies. 
  

## Page 14
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
Grievance Redressal / Complaints / Escalations 
If the Cardholder is not satisfied with ICICI Bank’s services, the Cardholder may register the 
grievance by: 
(i) Submitting the ‘Complaint Form’ available on our website or 
(ii) Calling our Customer Care on 1800 1080 or writing to Ms. Sharlet Malvankar, The 
Principal Nodal Officer, ICICI Bank Ltd., Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400051. Telephone 
No.: 022-39337979. 
(Monday to Friday, 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., excluding Bank holidays), E -mail: 
pno@icicibank.com. 
 
 

## Page 15
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Annexure I 
Debit Card (including Enquiry Card) for Current Account, Corporate Care Services and 
Corporate Net Banking 
 
1. Corporate Net Banking Access and Corporate Care Services 
·         The Cardholder must use the Login ID and Password (Card Number and PIN) to 
access the Corporate Care Services and Corporate Net Banking services. 
·         The Enquiry Card may be used solely to view the Account information and 
transactions. 
·         The Enquiry Card is issued exclusively for viewing the Account information and 
transactions at ATMs, via Corporate Net Banking and through Corporate Care 
Services. This Card can be used to facilitate Net Banking transactions using Grid 
Values. 
·         The Enquiry Card cannot be used for financial transactions through ATM 
withdrawals or Point of Sale (POS) terminals. 
·         The Cardholder agrees to comply with all the applicable Terms and Conditions 
for the use of Corporate Net Banking, which are additional to those specified 
under these Terms and the Current Account agreement. 
  
2. Corporate Care Services 
·         Transactions through Corporate Care Services are permitted only upon ICICI 
Bank’s acceptance of the application for such services and are subject to 
separate Corporate Care Service Terms and Conditions. 
·         By availing these Services, the Cardholder is bound by the respective terms for 
Corporate Care services and Corporate Net Banking, in addition to the general 
Terms and Conditions related to Accounts and Cards. 
  
3. Debit Card issued in respect of Proprietorship Accounts 
·         The per day withdrawal limit is determined by ICICI Bank and may be varied from 
time to time. 
·        The Cardholder bears full responsibility for safeguarding the Card and 
maintaining the password / PIN confidentiality. Any negligence or disclosure is at 
the Cardholder’s own risk and all resultant transactions will be the Cardholder’s 
sole liability. 
·         ICICI Bank will not be liable for any unauthorised or fraudulent transactions 
carried out using the allotted Debit/ATM Card. 
  
4. Debit Card issued to Partnerships 
·         Authorised users, as named by the partnership firm, may use the facilities 
provided by ICICI Bank for such Cards, even if they are not account signatories 
or are otherwise required to act jointly for similar transactions. 
·         The authorised partner(s) may request Debit Card facility for official purposes of 
the firm, including authorisation to operate the Account singly with the 
Debit/ATM Card, execute necessary documents and comply with all formalities 
as determined by ICICI Bank. 
·         ICICI Bank shall issue as many Debit/ATM Cards to the firm as agreed between 
the parties. Each Card will have a Password / PIN as generated by the customer. 
·         The daily withdrawal limit for each Card is determined by ICICI Bank and may 
change over time. 

## Page 16
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
  
5. Card Delivery and Password Generation (Firm Accounts) 
·         The firm authorises ICICI Bank to mail or courier Debit Cards to the partner(s) at 
the firm’s registered address. 
·         Once the Debit Card is delivered, the Cardholder can generate the Debit Card 
PIN via the mobile banking app or at any ICICI Bank ATM outlet. 
·         The firm accepts all risks relating to the protection of the Debit Cards and the 
confidentiality of the password(s). All transactions conducted using the 
password(s) are the sole liability of the firm and ICICI Bank shall not be 
responsible for any unauthorised or fraudulent transactions. 
·         It is the responsibility of the firm to distribute Debit/ATM Cards and passwords to 
the authorised users and to maintain internal records of all Cards issued, 
without reference to ICICI Bank. 
  
Annexure II 
 
Cash withdrawals from merchant Point of Sale (POS) terminals 
These Terms and Conditions apply to and regulate the cash withdrawal facility from POS 
terminals provided by ICICI Bank and are in addition to and not in derogation of the Terms 
and Conditions governing the Debit Card facilities of ICICI Bank (the ‘Primary Terms and 
Conditions’) as available on our website.  To the extent of any inconsistency between these 
Terms and the Primary Terms and Conditions, these Terms shall prevail. Terms used in 
capitalised form, however not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them 
under the Primary Terms and Conditions. 
  
I   Terms of the Facility: 
a) The Facility is available to the Cardholders for Cash Transactions carried out from POS 
terminals at select Merchant Establishments that are located in India and offer the said 
Facility. 
b) The Cardholder shall specifically request such cash withdrawal facility at the Merchant 
Establishment that offers the Facility. The Cardholder shall sign 2 copies of the Charge Slip 
generated by the POS Terminal, each of which shall display the Purchase Transaction and 
the Cash Transaction separately in case the said Facility is availed by the Cardholder along 
with a Purchase Transaction. In the absence of any Purchase Transaction, the Charge Slip 
shall contain only the details of the Cash Transaction. There shall be 2 copies of the Charge 
Slip that shall be generated for every Cash Transaction. The Cardholder shall sign both 
copies of the Charge Slip, retain one copy and return the Merchant’s copy of the Charge Slip 
to the Merchant Establishment. The Cardholder’s signature on the Charge Slip shall 
constitute the Cardholder’s consent to the said Transaction and the applicable Terms. ICICI 
Bank reserves the right to approve / decline any Cash or Purchase Transaction carried out at 
the POS Terminal by the Cardholder. Any payment requisition received from a Merchant 
Establishment by ICICI Bank for payment under the said Facility shall be conclusive proof 
that the payment recorded was properly incurred at the Merchant Establishment for the 
said amount and by the Cardholder using the Card, except where the Card has been lost, 
stolen or fraudulently misused - the burden of proof for which shall be on the Cardholder. 
The Cash Withdrawal Limit under the said Facility is ₹2,000/- (Rupees Two Thousand only) 
per day & ₹10,000/- (Rupees Ten Thousand only) per month. It is not mandatory for the 
Cardholder to carry out a Purchase Transaction at the Merchant Establishment in order to 
make a Cash Transaction under the said Facility. 

## Page 17
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
  
b)     ICICI Bank shall charge the Cardholder a Fee for every Cash Transaction carried out under 
the said Facility. Details regarding the said Fee are available in the section on ‘Fees & 
Charges’ available on our website    
  
c)      ICICI Bank reserves the right to modify  / change the Fee that shall be charged to the 
Cardholder for the said Facility, at its own discretion. 
  
d)     The Cardholder agrees to not attempt to withdraw cash under the said Facility, using his  / 
her Card, unless sufficient funds are available in his  / her Account. The onus of ensuring 
adequate Account balance is entirely on the Cardholder. 
e)      ICICI Bank reserves the right to decline any Cash Transaction carried out by the Cardholder 
under the said Facility, originating from a Merchant Establishment located outside India, 
without assigning any reason. 
f)       Neither ICICI Bank nor its Affiliates shall be liable for any unauthorised Cash Withdrawal 
Transactions at POS Terminals. 
g)     ICICI Bank reserves the right, at its own discretion, to modify / change / alter the Terms of the 
said Facility and continued usage of the Facility by the Cardholder shall amount to deemed 
acceptance by the Cardholder of such modified / revised Terms. 
h)     ICICI Bank shall not be liable for any error in the Transaction carried out by the Merchant 
Establishment. The Cardholder should resolve the matter with the Merchant Establishment 
and failure to do so shall not relieve him  / her from any obligations to ICICI Bank. However, 
the Cardholder should notify ICICI Bank of this complaint immediately. 
 
 
Annexure III 
Starting Oct 1, 2024, Cardholders can enjoy complimentary airport lounge access by 
spending ₹10,000 in the preceding spends quarter. Spends made in the preceding spends 
quarter will unlock access for the subsequent calendar quarter. To be eligible for 
complimentary lounge access in Oct-Nov-Dec, 2026 quarter, you need to spend a minimum 
of ₹10,000 in between Jun 26, 2026 and Sep 25, 2026 and similarly for the following 
quarters. This updated criteria to avail complimentary domestic airport lounge access, will 
be applicable for below mentioned Fee-based Debit Cards. 
 
From July 1, 2026 onwards, revised Spends criteria of ₹10,000 in the preceding spends 
quarter, for Lounge access in subsequent calendar quarter, will be applicable for ICICI 
Bank Sapphiro Debit Card and ICICI Bank Expressions Sapphiro Debit Card 
 
  
Card variant No. of lounge 
accesses per 
quarter 
Minimum 
transaction 
amount in the 
previous 
calendar 
quarter (₹) 

## Page 18
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Expressions Business Debit Card 2 10,000 
Expressions Coral Business Debit 
Card 
2 10,000 
Expressions Coral Debit Card 2 10,000 
Expressions Debit Card 2 10,000 
Expressions Sapphiro Debit Card 4  0 
NRE Expressions Debit Card 2 10,000 
Coral Business Debit Card 2 10,000 
Coral Plus Debit Card 2 10,000 
Coral Debit Card 2 10,000 
Rubyx Debit Card 2 10,000 
Sapphiro Business Debit Card 4  0 
Sapphiro Debit Card 4 0 
  
Airport Lounge Access - Spends Criteria 
  
1.      For new Savings Accounts / Current Accounts opened* 
i)        Lounge access applicable on your Debit Card is linked to your Savings Account  / Current 
Account. 
ii)      *Lounge access will be applicable on spends of ₹10,000 in the last quarter or upon  meeting 
the programme eligibility criteria* . 
iii)    For Salary Account holders, lounge access will be applicable on spends of ₹10,000 in the 
last quarter. 
iv)    Check Schedule of Charges for eligibility criteria on our website, ‘Explore Service Charges & 
Fees’. 
  
2.      In case of reissue of Debit Card,  the benefits applicable will be as per your existing Current 
Account / Savings Account variant or Programme. 
3.      In case of re -classification of your Account,  the benefits applicable will be as per your 
revised Current Account / Savings Account variant or Programme. 
4.      These updated criteria to avail complimentary domestic airport lounge access will be 
applicable for non-fee-based Debit Card variants only. 
•          Family Banking threshold: If customers have opted for Family Banking programme, 
they will have to maintain 1.5x of the programme eligibility criteria at Family ID level. If 
maintained, all family members will enjoy the benefit of lounge access. If not 
maintained, individual spends criteria of ₹10,000 per quarter shall apply. 

## Page 19
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
•          Spends cycle: Spends incurred between 1 st to 30 th/31st of the 3 months of a 
calendar quarter will be considered and lounge access will be provided starting on 
the 5th of the next month, following the quarter end. 
•          Family Banking for Salary Accounts: Individual Debit Card spends of ₹10,000 in 
the last quarter must be met. If not met and the family members with Savings Accounts 
are part of Select Banking, Wealth Management or Private Banking Programme, 
individual programme eligibility criteria will be considered to provide lounge access. For 
Salary Account holders, only Debit Card spends of ₹10,000 in the last quarter will be 
considered. 
  
Investment Criteria for Lounge Access for Savings Account / Current Account 
 
Select Banking -  
·         Relationship value of ₹25 lakh 
(Deposits + Account balance + Mutual Fund Investments + Demat holdings) or 
·         Deposits + Account balance = ₹2 lakh  
  
Wealth Management -  
·         Relationship value of ₹50 lakh 
(Deposits + Account balance + Mutual Fund Investments + Demat holdings) or 
·         Deposits + Account balance = ₹10 lakh 
  
Private Banking -  
·         Relationship value of ₹5 crore 
(Deposits + Account balance + Mutual Fund Investments + Demat holdings) or 
·         Deposits + Account balance = ₹50 lakh  
  
*Changes effective Aug 01, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  Savings Account - Lounge Access 
Card 
variant 
Card variant – 
New names 
effective Aug 
01, 2025 
Savings 
Account 
Programme 
No. of 
lounge 
access/es 
per 
quarter 
Minimum 
transaction 
amount in 
the previous 
calendar 
quarter (₹) 
Chip 
Titanium 
Debit Card 
Titanium Debit 
Card 
Regular, 
₹50,000 
variant 
NA NA 
  Select 1 10,000 

## Page 20
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Banking 
Platinum 
Debit Card 
Platinum 
Debit Card 
Regular, 
₹50,000 
variant 
NA NA 
  Select 
Banking 1 10,000 
World 
Mastercard 
Chip Wealth 
Debit Card 
Wealth 
Management 
Debit Card 
Wealth 
Management 2 10,000 
Wealth 
Signature 
Debit Card 
Wealth 
Management 
Debit Card 
Wealth 
Management 2 10,000 
Wealth 
Platinum 
Chip Debit 
Card 
Wealth 
Management 
Debit Card 
Wealth 
Management 2 10,000 
Wealth 
Select Debit 
Card 
Card 
issuance is 
not active 
Wealth 
Management 
Debit Card Wealth 
Management 4 0 
Private 
Banking 
Debit Card 
Private 
Banking Debit 
Card 
Private 
Banking 6 10,000 
     
 
 
 
 
  
Card variant Current Account 
Programme 
Lounge 
access/es 
per 
quarter** 
Gold Business Debit Card Select Banking 1 
World Business Debit Card Wealth 
Management 2 
Peregrine Business Debit Card Private Banking 6 
  
·         Eligible Cardholders will be allowed access to all participating airport lounges under the 
programme. 
To access a participating airport lounge, ICICI Bank Debit Card must be validated at the 
point of entry by swiping a nominal transaction of ₹2 for Visa and Mastercard Debit Cards 

## Page 21
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
(effective Jul, 11 2022). Customers will be denied complimentary entry, if the Card is not 
approved by the issuer Bank. 
  
**Eligibility conditions for complimentary lounge access: 
  
-         Gold Business Debit Card: Gold Business Debit Card customers, who have enrolled for the 
Select Banking Programme and have opened a Current Account on or after Aug 1, 2025, will 
be eligible for a maximum of 1 complimentary domestic airport lounge access each quarter, 
with minimum spends of ₹10,000 per quarter or meeting the programme eligibility of 
deposits & balances of ₹2 lakh per quarter or by maintaining the relationship value of ₹25 
lakh (Deposits + Account balance + Mutual Fund investments + Demat holdings) per 
quarter. 
  
-         World Business Debit Card : For Current Accounts opened on or before Jul 31, 2025, the 
cardholders will get a maximum of 2 domestic airport lounge accesses each quarter. For 
Current Accounts opened on or after Aug 1, 2025, the cardholders will get a maximum of 2 
domestic airport lounge accesses each quarter, with minimum spends of ₹10,000 per 
quarter or meeting the programme eligibility of deposits & balances of ₹10 lakh per quarter 
or by maintaining the relationship value of ₹50 lakh (Deposits + Account balance + Mutual 
Fund investments + Demat holdings) per quarter. 
  
Peregrine Business Debit Card : For Current Accounts opened on or before Jul 31, 2025, 
the cardholders will get a maximum of 6 domestic airport lounge accesses each quarter. For 
Current Accounts opened on or after Aug 1, 2025, the  cardholders will get a maximum of 6 
domestic airport lounge accesses  each quarter, with minimum spends of ₹10,000 per 
quarter or meeting the programme  eligibility of deposits & balances of ₹50 lakh per 
quarter or by maintaining the relationship value of ₹5 crore  (Deposits + Account balance + 
Mutual Fund investments + Demat holdings) per quarter.  
 
All accompanying children (where permitted) will be subject to the full fee unless otherwise 
stated. Cardholders must carry a valid boarding pass in order to avail free access. 
For complete list of participating lounges, please visit our website. 
 
Annexure IV 
 
Joining Fees ₹599 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Debit Card  / ICICI 
Bank Expressions Business Debit Card 
₹899 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Coral Debit Card / ICICI 
Bank 
Expressions Coral Business Debit Card 
₹4,999 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Sapphiro Debit Card 
₹699 plus GST for ICICI Bank Coral Debit Card  / ICICI Bank Coral 
Business Debit Card 
₹1,099 plus GST for ICICI Bank Rubyx Debit Card 
₹1,999plus GST for ICICI Bank Sapphiro Debit Card  / ICICI Bank 
Sapphiro Business Debit Card 

## Page 22
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
Revision of 
Joining Fees for 
Fee-based Debit 
Cards effective 
from June 21, 
2026 
From June 21, 2026 onwards, following revised Joining Fees will 
be levied for the below -mentioned ICICI Bank Fee -based Debit 
Card variants: 
 
₹749 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Debit Card and ICICI 
Bank Coral Debit Card 
₹1,249 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Coral Debit Card and 
ICICI Bank Rubyx Debit Card 
₹2,499 plus GST for ICICI Bank Coral Plus Debit Card, ICICI Bank 
Expressions Sapphiro Debit Card and ICICI Bank Sapphiro Debit 
Card 
 
 
Monthly Joining 
Fee 
₹249 plus GST for ICICI Bank Coral Plus Debit Card 
 
From June 21, 2026 onwards, Joining / Annual Fees for ICICI Bank 
Coral Plus Debit Card will be applied on an annual basis, for 
upcoming billing cycle 
Annual Fee ₹599 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Debit Card / ICICI Bank 
Expressions Business Debit Card  
₹899 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Coral Debit Card / ICICI 
Bank 
Expressions Coral Business Debit Card  
₹4,999 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Sapphiro Debit Card 
  ₹699 plus GST for ICICI Bank Coral Debit Card  / ICICI Bank Coral 
Business Debit Card  
₹1,099 plus GST for ICICI Bank Rubyx Debit Card  
₹1,999 plus GST for ICICI Bank Sapphiro Debit Card  / ICICI Bank 
Sapphiro Business Debit Card 
Revision of 
Annual Fees for 
Fee-based Debit 
Cards effective 
from June 21, 
2026 
From June 21, 2026 onwards, following Annual Fees will be levied 
for ICICI Bank Fee-based Debit cards variants mentioned below: 
 
₹749 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Debit Card and ICICI 
Bank Coral Debit Card 
₹1,249 plus GST for ICICI Bank Expressions Coral Debit Card and 
ICICI Bank Rubyx Debit Card 
₹2,499 plus GST for ICICI Bank Coral Plus Debit Card, ICICI Bank 
Expressions Sapphiro Debit Card and ICICI Bank Sapphiro Debit 
Card 
 
Annual fee  
for Debit Card 
issued against  
Savings 
Accounts 
₹300 plus GST for ICICI Bank Titanium Debit Card  / ICICI Bank 
Platinum Debit Card  / ICICI Bank Select Banking 
Programme Debit Card  / ICICI Bank Wealth Management 
Programme Debit Card / ICICI Bank Private Banking Debit Card 
 

## Page 23
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
opened post 
Aug 1, 2025 
This fee is waived off for senior citizens. 
   
Annual Fee for 
Debit Card 
issued against 
Current 
accounts  
From Apr 1, 2026 onwards, ₹350 plus GST for ICICI Bank Titanium 
Business Debit Card, ICICI Bank Gold Business Debit Card, ICICI 
Bank World Business Debit Card and ICICI Bank Peregrine Debit 
Card 
 
Card 
Replacement 
Fee for Debit 
Card issued 
against  Savings 
Accounts 
From Jul 1, 2025 onwards, charges for re -issuance of Debit Card 
will be ₹300 plus GST per Card 
  
Card 
Replacement 
Fee for Debit 
Card issued 
against Current 
Accounts  
From Apr 1, 2026 onwards, charges for re -issuance of Business 
Debit Card will be ₹350 plus GST per Card 
 
ATM cash 
withdrawal 
charges from 
non-ICICI 
Bank ATMs** 
First 5 transactions (financial and non -financial) in a month – 
Free. 
Maximum 5 transactions are free in a month, thereafter ₹23 
(excluding GST) per financial transaction and ₹8.50 (excluding 
GST) per non-financial transaction will be charged. 
  
ATM charges for Debit Cards linked to Savings Account  / Current 
Account will be as per respective Schedule of Charges. 
ATM cash 
withdrawal 
charges from 
ICICI Bank ATMs 
First 5 transactions (financial and non-financial) in a month are 
free thereafter ₹23 (excluding GST) per financial transaction and 
₹8.50 (excluding GST) per non -financial transaction will be 
charged. All transactions are free for Current Account customers. 
ATM cash 
withdrawal 
charges from 
ATMs outside 
India 
₹125/- plus 3.5% currency conversion charges plus GST as 
applicable 
Merchant 
transactions 
abroad 
3.5% currency conversion charges plus GST as applicable 

## Page 24
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Dynamic 
Currency 
Conversion 
(DCC) 
transactions 
initiated using 
ICICI Bank Debit 
Cards at 
international 
locations or 
merchant 
outlets located 
in India but 
registered in a 
foreign country 
A fee of 1% plus GST will be applicable to DCC transactions initiated 
using ICICI Bank Debit Cards (The applicable GST will be 18% of the 
mark-up amount) 
 
Effective Jun 21, 2026, a fee of 3.5% plus GST will be applicable to all 
DCC transactions initiated using ICICI Bank Debit Cards (The 
applicable GST will be 18% of the mark-up amount) 
  
Tax Collected at 
Source (TCS) 
Charges 
collected when 
the value of 
foreign 
remittance 
made under the 
LRS Scheme of 
RBI exceeds ₹10 
lakh for the 
financial year for 
Debit Card -
based 
transactions 
Effective from April 01, 2026, following TCS rates will be 
applicable on all international remittances over the defined 
threshold during a fiscal year:  
 
• For educational & medical spends, TCS will be collected @ 2% 
of the transaction value above ₹10 lakh 
 
• For all other spend categories, TCS will be collected @ 20% of 
the transaction value above ₹10 lakh 
Balance enquiry 
charges from 
ATMs 
outside India 
₹25 plus GST as applicable 
  
Please refer to the Savings Account or Current Account section on our website to check the 
charges applicable on your Debit Card. 
  
Disclaimer: ICICI Bank may at its sole discretion, utilise the services of external service 
provider/s or agent/s and on such terms as required or necessary, in relation to its 
products/services. 
  
Please visit our website for details. 
ICICI Bank reserves the right to extend, modify or cancel any feature, benefit or privilege offered 
with the Debit Card at its sole discretion without any prior notice. 
 
 